updating fusor version, adjusting uta tools to the new naming (cool-s… (#162)
cancervariants/fusion-curation: README.md

- the [VICC Gene Normalization](https://github.com/cancervariants/gene-normalization) database, accessible from a DynamoDB-compliant service. Set the endpoint address with environment variable `GENE_NORM_DB_URL`; default value is `http://localhost:8000`.
- the [Biocommons SeqRepo](https://github.com/biocommons/biocommons.seqrepo) database. Provide local path with environment variable `SEQREPO_DATA_PATH`; default value is `/usr/local/share/seqrepo/latest`.

> - the [Biocommons Universal Transcript Archive](https://github.com/biocommons/uta), by way of VICC's [Cool Seq Tool](https://github.com/GenomicMedLab/cool-seq-tool) package. Connection parameters to the Postgres database are set most easily as a [Libpq-compliant URL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING) under the environment variable `UTA_DB_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the [Biocommons Universal Transcript Archive](https://github.com/biocommons/uta), by way of Genomic Med Lab's [Cool Seq Tool](https://github.com/GenomicMedLab/cool-seq-tool) package. Connection parameters to the Postgres database are set most easily as a [Libpq-compliant URL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING) under the environment variable `UTA_DB_URL`.
```
